- There's no one
I'd rather talk politics with
than Macey Hensley.
She's only five years old,
and even though I spent
two weeks in college,
Macey knows way more about
presidential history than I do.
Here she is, the future
President of the United States.
So you know
all about presidents.
When did you start
learning about presidents?
- Oh, when I was about--
Oh...
Since I was four.
- Four.
And you're five now.
So about a year now.
- Yeah.
- And what made you get
interested in presidents?
- Oh, well, I started
telling everybody
the presidents on money.
And I was asking
for everybody's Jackson.
- Uh-huh.
Oh. Very smart.
- Well, then after that
my grandma bought me
some flashcards.
- Mm-hmm.
- With the presidents.
- Right.
- And on the back,
I started reading facts.
- Uh-huh.
- And so that's how.
- That's how.
- And also books.
- Yes.
You read books at five?
- Yeah.
- Okay, um, and I heard
you made up a song
so you could remember
all the presidents.
- Yeah.
- Can we hear the song?
- Sure.
- Okay.
- [singing]
Washington, Adams
Jefferson, Madison
Monroe, Adams, Jackson
Van Buren
Harrison, Tyler
Polk, Taylor, Fillmore
Pierce, Buchanan, Lincoln
Johnson, Grant, Hayes
Garfield, Arthur, Cleveland
Harrison, McKinley
Roosevelt, Taft
Wilson, Harding
Coolidge, Hoover
Roosevelt, Truman
Eisenhower, Kennedy
Johnson, Nixon
Ford, Carter, Reagan
Bush, Clinton, Bush
Obama
- Wow.
[cheers and applause]
Really good.
Oh.
That's amazing.
[cheers and applause]
Wow.
I'm not gonna be able to get
that out of my head tonight.
That's--
[laughter]
Who's your favorite
president?
- Zachary Taylor.
- And why is that?
- 'Cause he wears blue.
'Cause he was a general
in the Mexican War,
and blue's my favorite color.
- Oh, blue's
my favorite color too.
So he's my favorite president
now too.
[chuckles]
And so you wanted a Zachary
Taylor-themed birthday cake
and a whole party, right?
- Yeah, but I didn't get it.
My mom just got me
a White House cake instead.
- Oh, well, that's nice, huh?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah.
[cheers and applause]
Have you been
to the White House?
- Nope.
- Oh, you should go.
That would be nice, right?
- Yeah.
- I think so too.
What do you want to do
when you grow up?
- Become president.
- I want you to.
[cheers and applause]
I love that.
And why do you want
to become president?
- So I can eat
all the candy I want.
- Ah.
[laughter]
Oh, that's as good a reason
as any.
So I'm gonna test you on your
presidential knowledge, okay?
- Okay.
- And so the first one is...
- Washington.
- And tell me what you know
about George Washington.
- Um...
- Who was the first lady?
- Martha.
- Mm-hmm.
And the vice president?
- John Adams.
- Any fun fact?
- Um, the story of
the cherry tree wasn't true.
A newspaper man
just made it up
so people would like him.
- Wow.
They were making stuff up
back then.
- Oh!
- That's amazing.
- One more.
By the time
of Washington's presidency,
he only had
one real tooth left.
[laughter]
- I like that fun fact.
Who's this?
- John Quincy Adams.
- And who was the first lady?
- Louisa.
- And the vice president was?
- John C. Calhoun.
- Okay, do you have
any fun facts on him?
- He swam naked
in the Potomac.
[laughter]
Oh, and he also
had a pet alligator.
- A pet alligator?
That seems dangerous,
doesn't it?
- Yeah.
- I think you know who this is.
- Zachary Taylor.
- That's too easy.
And there's a fun fact
that doesn't seem so fun.
What's the fun fact here?
- Oh.
He wore a wool suit
to the Fourth of July,
and he got too hot.
Then he drank
two full glasses of milk
and some cherries,
and that's how he died.
Some people thought that
the cherries were poisonous.
[laughter]
[applause]
- Oh.
Well, I could just do this
all day long.
Who's this?
- Rutherford B. Hayes.
- Uh-huh.
And who was
the vice president?
- Uh...
William Wheeler.
- Yeah, sure.
You remember that guy.
Fun fact?
He was the first president
to have what?
- A telephone.
- And what was his phone number?
- One.
[laughter]
Oh, also his wife,
they called her Lemonade Lucy
'cause she never served alcohol
at the White House.
- Oh.
[laughs]
Oh, this is fantastic.